Welcome to Rampart! A guidebook of the Rampart Tourist Association.

Rampart is the sole city in this area of LOCUS, a bastion which the
wild forces of both Law and Chaos cannot breach. Within the town there
is a truce between the followers of Law and Chaos which is hardly ever
broken.

The visitor to Rampart will enjoy a wide range of divertissements,
from shopping at Rampart's diverse assortment of shops, to attending
games at the Rampart Coliseum, to a relaxing picnic at the Botanical
Gardens. Distinguished visitors may apply for an audience with the
Duke, who is said to be the greatest courtier on LOCUS. Others spend
their nights (and days) gambling at the Rampart Casino.

The traveller who intends a longer stay in Rampart should check out the
various guilds, societies, and clubs which protect and employ almost
all the citizenry. The Commandant of the Mercenary Guild is always
hiring, just for example. Many travellers are attracted to the
Collegium Magii -- scholarships are available to the qualified.

A few cautions should be offered to the unwary. Rampart's sewer system
is dangerous, and while there is ABSOLUTELY NO TRUTH to the rumors of
treasure-filled dungeons and caverns beneath the city, many
disappearances each year are attributed to unauthorized excursions
beneath the city. For the larcenous-minded, be warned that Rampart's
City Guard is uncorruptible. It is just a matter of time, promises 
Morgon the Justiciar, until the secret hideout of the Thieves' Guild
is uncovered....

But these warnings are surely unnecessary for the vast majority of our
visitors who will be perfectly safe if they act with reasonable caution.... 
